[charts] document Tooltip and Highlighs (#8867)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/tooltip/tooltip.md

{{"demo": "Interaction.js", "bg": "inline"}}

## Highlights

### Highlighting axis

You can hightligh data based on mouse position.
By default those highlights are lines, but is can also be a vertical band if your x-axis use `scaleType: 'band`.

On chart, to customize this behavior,you can use

```jsx
highlight={{
    x: 'line', // Or 'none', or 'band'
    y: 'line', // Or 'none'
    }}
```

{{"demo": "BandHighlight.js",  "bg": "inline"}}

### Highlighting series 🚧

When the tooltip is highlighting elements, their style can be modified, and the style of other elements can be fade-out.

This is under construction, and require some management to avoid ending up with a blinking christmas tree.

Here is a demo of what it could be but needing much more work.

{{"demo": "Highlights.js", "bg": "inline"}}

## Customization

The format of data rendered in the tooltip can be modified thanks to series' `valueFormatter` property.
Same applied for x values when tooltip is triggered by `'axis'`.

Here is a demo with:

- Time axis formatted to only show the year
- Number values formatted in U.S. Dollar.

{{"demo": "Formatting.js", "bg": "inline"}}

## Composition

> If you're using composition, by default the mouse event will be listen to get its current x/y values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using composition, by default the axis will be listening for mouse events to get its current x/y values.
```

> If you don't need it, because you don' use highlights, and the tooltip is triggered by item, you can disable those listener with `disableAxisListener` props.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't need it, because you don't use highlights, and the tooltip is triggered by an item, you can disable those listeners with the `disableAxisListener` prop.
```

<p class="description">Tooltip provides extra data on charts item.</p>

In all charts components, you can pass props to the tooltip by using `tooltip={{...}}`.
If you are using composition, you can add the `<Tooltip />` component and pass props directly.

## Interactions

The tooltip can be triggered by two kind of events:

- `'item'` which means user mouse is hover an item of the chart. The tooltip will display data about this specific items.
- `'axis'` which means user mouse position is associated to a value of the x-axis. The tooltip will display data about all series at this specific x value.

{{"demo": "Interaction.js", "bg": "inline"}}

> ## Highlights

Reviewer 2: This section is empty, maybe the 2 h2 below should be h3

## Highlighting axis

You can hightligh data based on mouse position.
By default those highlights are lines, but is can also be a vertical band if your x-axis use `scaleType: 'band`.

On chart, to customize this behavior,you can use

```jsx
highlight={{
    x: 'line', // Or 'none', or 'band'
    y: 'line', // Or 'none'
    }}
```

{{"demo": "BandHighlight.js",  "bg": "inline"}}

> ## Highlighting series 🚧

Reviewer 2: I find this demo with tons of circles very weird
If we want to keep the circles visible, I would be in favor of drastically reducing the amount of data in each serie

When the tooltip is highlighting elements, their style can be modified, and the style of other elements can be fade-out.

This is under construction, and require some management to avoid ending up with a blinking christmas tree.

Here is a demo of what it could be but needing much more work.

{{"demo": "Highlights.js", "bg": "inline"}}

## Customization

The format of data rendered in the tooltip can be modified thanks to series' `valueFormatter` property.
Same applied for x values when tooltip is triggered by `'axis'`.

Here is a demo with:

- Time axis formatted to only show the year
- Number values formatted in U.S. Dollar.

{{"demo": "Formatting.js", "bg": "inline"}}

## Composition

If you're using composition, by default the mouse event will not be listen.
If you need it (for example to support highlight or tooltip with `trigger='axis'`) you should add `<AxisInteractionListener />`.

```jsx
<ChartContainer {...}>

>   <AxisInteractionListener listen/>

Reviewer 2: What's the reasoning behind this limitation?
It looks like something people could easily miss

Author: The hook listening to the mouse move needs to be inside `ChartContainer` to get the providers. And to know if it worths listening to them, I need access to `tooltip` and `highlights` settings.

I created a distinct component such that in s charts (like `<BarChart />`) I could compute `listen` without having to pass `tooltip` and `highlights` settings to the `ChartContainers`

A better solution could be to introduce `disableAxisListener`  to the `<ChartContainers />` such that charts components like `<BarChart />` could still have smart behavior, and dev using composition can not miss it since it's `true` by default

Reviewer: > A better solution could be to introduce `disableAxisListener` to the `<ChartContainers />` such that charts components like `<BarChart />` could still have smart behavior, and dev using composition can not miss it since it's `true` by default

This direction sounds way less error-prone and should provide a bit better DX. 🤔 👍
